001: When a boat owner or sailor opens an account by clicking on the submit button, the browser should load a page that indicates the request has been received and offers a link to reload the program description page.

002: When a sailor enters their availability without opening an account, their whitelist should be recorded in the database.  RESOLVED.

003: Address line-break issues in the crew info.txt file.  RESOLVED.

004: File "/crew_info.py", line 50, in add_info
    experience = experience.replace("+u002C", ",")
                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'replace'

This occurs when the registrant leaves the Qualifications and experience field blank.  RESOLVED.

005: Let form submitters know the contents of the form they submitted.  RESOLVED by offering a submission receipt by email.

006: When a female skipper registers add their boat to the whitelist of every sailor that requested a female skipper.  RESOLVED.

007: If the wait list is longer than the highest boat occupancy, spread it over multiple lines.
Needs updates to AS_2_25 crew_html.py lines 40-42, 69-79.  RESOLVED.

008: Move no-shows to the lowest priority.  RESOLVED.

009: When the last line of a wait list in the calendar is full, an empty extra line is added.  There is no need for this.  RESOLVED.

010: When members are placed on the wait list, they should be the first entries.  RESOLVED.

011: Although crews get shuffled when each request is processed, the wait list should not get shuffled.  RESOLVED.

012: Anyone who has been allocated a space seven days in advance of an event should not lose that space, except in the event a boat withdraws, regardless whether a later registrant has higher priority by virtue of membership or loyalty.  RESOLVED.

013: Sailor availability update forms should allow register, cancel and no change for individual events.  RESOLVED.

014: Add crew email addresses to crew info.  RESOLVED.

015: Add an empty line to the assignment html between the boats and the wait list.  RESOLVED.

016: Change configuration file extensions to .csv.  RESOLVED.

017: Accept membership numbers that are more than 3 and less than 10 decimal digits after non-digits have been removed.  RESOLVED.

018: Include wait list addresses in the addresses.txt file.  RESOLVED.

019: Add a file containing all program participant addresses.  ABANDONED.  Copy the address column from the spreadsheet and paste it into the Bcc field of the email.

020: Add a file for tickets - html table, one row per available space, each row contains the date and boat name.  RESOLVED.

021: When a boat withdraws within seven days of an event, some guaranteed crew have to be dropped.  Non-members should be dropped before members.  RESOLVED.

022: Provide boat owners with the flexibility to set maximum occupancy on a per-event basis.

Modify the boat availability file to replace "" and "Y" with the number of available spaces, initially 0 or maximum occupancy set at registration (process.py line 198 - 201).

Modify the assignment function to use the number of spaces available on the event date taken from the boat availability file to determine availability (assignment.py line 95).

In mandatory.py replace boat["max occupancy"] (lines 14, 274 and 291) with max occupancy for the event.

Update the boat availability form to accept the number of available spaces on each event date.  



